alright guys now today I want to talk
about this easy ACK power bank now a lot
of people have backup battery chargers
there's all types I've got many types
myself I've got little ones here this
has a micro USB and it charges off USB
and it's only about don't even say it's
about 2,000 milliamps or fifteen hundred
milliamps I think got this other one
this one's 7000 milliamps it's not bad
it's got two USBs but this was more
expensive than this actually what i want
to show you here is this 12,000
milliamps that is a lot of milliamps
this is going to be able to charge lots
of devices alive and it has four ports
which is really nice let's go ahead and
take a look at this if you ever are on
the road and you need a charge this is
nice to have whether you're in your car
or not it comes with its own plugs and
different adapters apple adapters a
micro USB mini USB and so on so you get
some of those I have some of my own
wires comes with a little carrying case
I guess looks barely big enough for the
device I don't know if that'll close
inside there very well then we have the
device and I instruction manuals so the
device itself here is not too big this
is a 7000 milliamp and this is a 12,000
the 7000 itself doesn't really fit in
the packet unless you have like a cargo
pocket so i mean it's not going to make
much difference they they all of them
all my backup batteries i have including
this new one charged simply off a mini
or micro USB so real simple to charge
and then here is the nice part we have
for us bees we could charge for
different things at once which makes
this pretty awesome it says right here
what they are we have a half amp 1.3
amps 1 amp and 1.2 amps and it actually
sat on the back of the box
what they were for more says right here
the point 5 amp I'm yeah the point 5 amp
at the bottom is for anything basically
our smaller older phones 1.3 amp is for
samsung phones 1 amp is for iPhones and
then the 2.1 amp is for iPads or tablets
so they should actually all charge
pretty much any device but they're
different amp ratings so you can charge
your devices of the correct amps get
away make and cats jumping up here so
I've never used this before let's go
ahead and just plug in my phone and my
GoPro just see if they both charge I
don't really care which plugs I put them
into because the GoPro in my phone can
bolt charged atom the highest 2.1 amp
just fine so plug the phone in and it
didn't turn on so there must be an
on/off switch somewhere here it is it
came fully charged of course I'll charge
it up and here it says my phone is
charging and then let me grab my GoPro
actually I think my GoPro might be fully
charged but I'll turn it on so we can
see if it's charging it'll show the
chart yet it is charging so let's go
ahead and just switch these out real
quick make sure my phone will charge
from any port not charging my phone is
charging okay charging from that port
think I had it in this one I just want
to make sure that sometimes I've had
backup batteries where certain ports
won't charge my car I mean my phone
actually this new Trent one would not
charge my razor phone my motorola razr
so i couldn't even use it for my phone
so that was a pain this one charges my
phone in any port so that's a good sign
if you got a android phone this will
charge your phone in any port which is
nice all the ports work 12,000 milliamps
and the price was only 39 99 really
cheap I'll put the link in my
description
if you're looking for a backup battery
definitely don't buy one in the store if
you want to have a lot of capacity look
online on amazon i'll give you the link
for this one there's other choices too
but this was the best one I found for
the price so really cool wanted to do an
update on that keep it in your car do
whatever and you're always ready with
power so anyways guys see you next time
if you have any questions let me know